sure everybody its max with
phonearena.com at the Augmented world
expo in Santa Clara I'm with Jean
Francois who is the CEO and founder of
augment an augmented reality software
application firm based out of Paris
France just gave a presentation about
the augment app and the various
applications and some of this is for the
sales person of a company some of this
is for the individual and tell us about
the app in just the various applications
that you've built around this and and
how amazing this software runs on just
an iPad sure so this example is made
four Earl Orioles so it has been used by
1700 sales rep in order to be able to
shoot their display directly in a dress
or so no so that's one type of the
example where you put the object on the
floor then we are we were sold out of
architect because you have an open
platform where anyone can just approve
the model and then you can visualize it
so this is the outside of a development
exactly and then you can zoom in right
until you are in the ground and they're
Yorker on deck yeah you're in the middle
so there we are a little bit of the
crossing between the augmented reality
and rotary exactly and we're just
standing here in the room all because we
zoomed in on a 3d rendered model at some
point we're in excited exactly yeah and
then sometimes you may want to buy a new
pair of shoes or a nut vehicle show me
the car before you show the other thing
here so this is the card just a card
looks like art but as I say that is an
image that the program can recognize and
once you place the card within view the
camera the shoe appears and you drop the
card really a place it's a placeholder
yeah for the virtual mode on your word
so as I'm I'm holding this card actually
I'm holding the real murder exact I can
move around and can look and during the
angle and it's in your insides so
everything is always in resizing yes
that is dining of itself is probably one
of those amazing things I've seen in the
world augmented reality because it is
the it is the rendition of like I'm
holding the shoe in my hand and this is
what it looks like and here we have a
power tool also based off of that so
anybody is looking for a other wall
that's what it looks like and it's it's
scaled to side yes exactly so until that
the augment app which is available for
free on iOS and Android so anyone can
download it and test all those models
and these in this app is enabled by lots
of companies Morrell's one cook colas
another one of our clients who all just
general mills generals uses for cereals
yeah I brew and cement the three
everyone who needed to object but we
have also some entertainment things like
a DJ so this is the Disney that is the
Super Bowl shark yeah but it's more fun
part of a message ID where you would put
an animated character and you can take a
picture nature to it and it's like yeah
we will do our kids even yeah so we'll
take a picture there's a car outside our
pressroom door and exactly dance and
right behind it so people are getting
crazy with this kind of stuff exactly
and yeah and the more serious level we
can also be integrated with other apps
so for instance coca-cola German is
using it for a 2000 sales reps worthy
with the select a store and then they
want to feel fridge a coca-cola fridge
the store owner they click on it from
there up and there is a 3d model button
you click on the button it cool augment
yeah and then you have the fridge rider
in the middle of another room here yeah
you can take a picture because you want
to keep a trace of what you discuss with
the store manager and when you go back
you can integrate the picture to our
simulation and this is great even for
not just enterprise sales reps but even
the you know the individual business
owner who is starting their own
businesses yeah Mobile one hundred
percent of the time as a physical
product that they want to get placed in
the retail space exactly and this is
where augment can help too and that's an
increasing model at least in the US and
this is pretty remarkable so this is
augment its iOS android app available
and you're convicted it right now
downloaded right now you can use all
sorts of applications even from the
consumer to even helping you in your
you're shopping sprees and so that's
just where augmented reality is really
taking things we like to think of
wearables as being one of the big
leading applications for AR but really
you know if you got the you got a
smartphone or a tablet you know you can
create monsters in your own living room
using augmented reality so thank you
Jeff Ross great stuff from augment keep
checking back with us at phonearena.com
for more in the world of augmented
reality and its impact on mobile from
here in Santa Clara